controller/LoginController.java
 controller.LoginController
networking/NotifyServerRequest.java
 networking.NotifyServerRequest
networking/BuyTicketRequest.java
 networking.BuyTicketRequest
utils/events/ChangeEventType.java
 utils.events.ChangeEventType
domain/validators/TicketValidator.java
 domain.validators.TicketValidator
domain/validators/Validator.java
 domain.validators.Validator
utils/events/Event.java
 utils.events.Event
networking/LogoutRequest.java
 networking.LogoutRequest
domain/Flight.java
 domain.Flight
networking/GetSeatsAvailableRequest.java
 networking.GetSeatsAvailableRequest
networking/Response.java
 networking.Response
domain/validators/ValidationException.java
 domain.validators.ValidationException
domain/validators/UserValidator.java
 domain.validators.UserValidator
networking/LoginRequest.java
 networking.LoginRequest
domain/validators/FlightValidator.java
 domain.validators.FlightValidator
controller/MenuController.java
 controller.MenuController
Client.java
 Client
domain/Ticket.java
 domain.Ticket
domain/SearchFlightsDTO.java
 domain.SearchFlightsDTO
networking/Request.java
 networking.Request
networking/GetSeatsAvailableUpdateRequest.java
 networking.GetSeatsAvailableUpdateRequest
controller/MessageAlert.java
 controller.MessageAlert
networking/GetAllFlightsRequest.java
 networking.GetAllFlightsRequest
networking/Proxy.java
 networking.Proxy
 networking.Proxy$Reader
utils/observer/Observer.java
 utils.observer.Observer
ClientFX.java
 ClientFX
networking/SearchFlightsRequest.java
 networking.SearchFlightsRequest
domain/Entity.java
 domain.Entity
domain/User.java
 domain.User
utils/observer/Observable.java
 utils.observer.Observable
domain/UserDTO.java
 domain.UserDTO
